sl_higher Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher Iris-versicolor
sl_higher Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_lower Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid Iris-virginica
