sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_lower sw_lower pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_lower pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_higher pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_higher pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_lower pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_higher pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower pw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid pw_mid Iris-virginica
