sl_higher sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_lower sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_lower sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-versicolor
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_lower sw_lower Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_lower Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_lower Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_higher Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_higher sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_lower Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
sl_mid sw_mid Iris-virginica
